in and out of my soul Mindanao that my
mom would like whatever the hell that is
what crosses my mind I mean I'm trying
to live right three skies to my daughter
trying to shorter light with the price
for electric they know what a rightful
warming but it's getting cooler in SK
works out big homie tow truck is
we got the crate engine
video and all that
java branches we get the foot is good
write notes on truck going gang
something just left the game six is lost
by buy like 100 we sitting at sea Rodman
you look like corsage good side and seat
menu you ain't never seen it of the game
you had the games you up so high you sit
like this one I spits it on he got on
video I see you every time my boy RAB
you down here my boy sku no we do one
thing truthfully boys for really
understanding baby I went down the aim a
lot i go to pay respects to a our CD
weed in person six and strengthen my own
a i have four points I lie to you now a
i have four points man oh and brand your
love set right now look get the police
real quick oh I'm Randy's is the foot of
your please they gonna lock you up for
robbery you shouldn't have money though
get real red oh and brand yo I just
Hellenbrand oh but really I'm ready to
main one you won't get locked up for
robbery for the money you're still
you know you know what it is man we're
gonna have started Monday more success
yet that donate had a solid reason to
the relief aid in Haiti rule right
there's got to start doing everywhere
next time we'll get you out here with us
bro you shot the DJ working man give me
in the mix bro I've been saying we
should go my man skc i Leah ICU internet
grind crazy fuck with me boy I'm that
new name new name a new blood lead it
it's on trunk what's Feliz in the world
oh it's hot girl yeah the Jordans de
precios eyeball event young when he was
in Texas exposing your Toyota the flow
is Alexis wordplay stepped it up money
to switch it up the boys wanna stay here
bars no rudo it's sk you know truly
loves my sense that haze night you go
group want a little taste a cab up here
you go I'm out of this world you phone
break it down spell it out while I build
up my bank account